#summary Developing plan of rojac
#labels Featured,Phase-Design

= Main plan =
== Alpha 1 ==
  * Implement client for [http://projects.rsdn.ru/Janus/wiki/JanusAT JanusAT WS] (Axis 1) _(done)_
  * Implement core services: Message formatter service _(done)_
  * Implement core services: options service _(done)_
  * Implement core services: database service _(done)_
  * Implement core services: i18n service _(done)_
  * Implement GUI: main window _(done)_
  * ~~Implement GUI: add dock bars ([https://flexdock.dev.java.net/ FlexDock])~~
  * Implement GUI: implement forums view _(done)_
  * Implement GUI: change docking framework (use [http://www.infonode.net/index.html?idw InfoNode docking framework]) _(done)_
  * Implement GUI: message editor dialog _(done)_
  * Implement GUI: preference editor dialog _(done)_
  * Implement GUI: support multiple L&F _(done)_
  * Implement core services: General tracker service _(done)_
  * Implement GUI: implement progress tracker dialog _(done)_
  * Implement GUI: create icons for the application. _(partially done: a [http://www.pinvoke.com/ Fugue] icons pack from pinvoke)_
  * ~~Core: optimize database~~
== Alpha 2 ==
  * Implement GUI: TreeTable forum view _(done)_
  * Database: include full support for HSQL ~~and SQLite~~. _(done)_
  * Add scheduled synchronizer. _(done)_
  * Implement navigation between messages by links in message body. _*(in progress)*_
  * Add tray icon. _*(in progress)*_
  * Add favorites (messages, topics, you posts, responses)
  * Migrate JanusAT client to Axis 2 (??) _*(in progress)*_
  * Implement GUI: List based forum view. (??)
== Alpha 3 ==
  * Add filter to forum view (by users, by date, by marks)
  * Add keyboard shortcuts.
  * Add keyboard shortcuts manager.
  * Allow to DnD links to create a new tab with thread/message.
== Alpha 4 ==
  * GUI changes: redesign (options dialog, etc).